Fix old update info (#423)
micro-nova/AmpliPi: README.md

1. Click the **Update** button

If you don't see an update button, you have an older version of AmpliPi. It will take a couple more steps to update this time around.

> 1. Download this [update](https://github.com/micro-nova/AmpliPi/archive/refs/tags/0.1.9-uv-hotfix.tar.gz).

Author: ```suggestion
1. From a laptop or desktop computer download this [update](https://github.com/micro-nova/AmpliPi/archive/refs/tags/0.1.9-uv-hotfix.tar.gz).
```

1. Click the browse button to select the downloaded AmpliPi-0.1.9-uv-hotfix.tar.gz file.
1. Click upload software to start the update, when it is finished it will navigate to the updated web app.

> 1. Please be patient, updates can take 10-15 minutes and progress info will be reported slowly.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Please be patient, updates can take 20-30 minutes and progress info will be reported slowly.
```
